Update block-content.md [Named blocks] (#1958)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/components/block-content.md

</BlogPost>
```

## Named Blocks

If you want to yield content to different spots in the same component, you can use named blocks. You just need to specify a name for the yielded block, like this:

```handlebars
{{yield to="somePlace"}}
```

You could also want to pass some values. This is the same process as the default `yield`, but you just have to pass `to` as the last argument. An example would be the popover:

```handlebars {data-filename=app/components/popover.hbs}

>   <div class="popover">
>     <div class="popover__trigger">
>       {{yield this.isOpen to="trigger"}}
>     </div>
>     {{#if this.isOpen}}
>       <div class="popover__content">
>         {{yield to="content"}}
>       </div>
>     {{/if}}
>   </div>

Reviewer: The initial indent can be removed:

```suggestion
<div class="popover">
  <div class="popover__trigger">
    {{yield this.isOpen to="trigger"}}
  </div>
  {{#if this.isOpen}}
    <div class="popover__content">
      {{yield to="content"}}
    </div>
  {{/if}}
</div>
```

```

> If we hadn’t named blocks, we would certainly have to pass components as `args` to the popover. But this is much more practical!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Without named blocks, we would certainly have to pass components as `args` to the popover. But this is much more practical!
```

> Here’s how we would call it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here’s how we would call our named blocks as a consumer:
```

```handlebars
<Popover>
  <:trigger as |open|>
    <button type="button">Click to {{if open "close" "open"}}  the popover!</button>
  </:trigger>
  <:content>

>       This is what is showed when I'm opened!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This is what is shown when I'm opened!
```

>       This is what is shown when I'm opened!

Reviewer: And here too:

```suggestion
     This is what is shown when I'm opened!
```

  </:content>
</Popover>
```

We know the state of the popover because we passed it as an argument to the `yield`. To access its value, use the block parameters at the named block scope. It will not be accessible at the `Popover` level, so if you want the value to be available for all the blocks, you will have to pass it for each of them.

> That would give this result:

Reviewer: The "That" reference confused me a bit with the explanation above. Making the reference exact would prevent this for me.

```suggestion
Rendering the previous code example would give this as result:
```

```html
<!-- rendered -->
<div class="popover">
  <div class="popover__trigger">
    <button type="button">Click to close the popover!</button>
  </div>
  <div class="popover__content">

>      This is what is showed when I'm opened!

Reviewer: Two spaced indent for consistency:

```suggestion
    This is what is showed when I'm opened!
```

  </div>
</div>
```

Don't worry, you can also still use `yield` by itself, and mix it with named blocks. Let’s take a card example:

```handlebars {data-filename=app/components/card.hbs}
<div class="card">
  {{#if (has-block "title")}}
    <div class="card__title">
      {{yield to="title"}}
    </div>
  {{/if}}
  <div class="card__content">
    {{yield}}
  </div>
</div>
```

A yielded block without a name is called `default`. So to access it, it’s like any other named blocks.

```handlebars
<Card>
  <:title>
    <h3>It's nice to have me. Sometimes</h3>
  </:title>
  <:default>
    The card content will appear here!
  </:default>
</Card>
```

The title being optional when you create a card, you can use the `(has-block)` helper with the named block by adding its name as a first parameter. That means you could also create this card:

```handlebars
<Card>
  I don't want any title, and I only have a default content!
</Card>
```

> As you are not using named blocks, you can simply yield the content you would like to add.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you are not using named blocks, you can simply yield the content you would like to add, which becomes the default yield block.
```
